DDS-1859 [Checkbox] Fix of QA test (#133)
dsv-rp/DDS: .changeset/forty-eyes-agree.md

---
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": patch
---

> Checkbox: It has been modified to accept label text in the slot. (DDS-1859)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkbox: Added a slot to override the label. The behavior does not change if the slot is not used. (DDS-1859)
Checkbox: Fixed an issue where the size of the component could not be changed. (DDS-1859)
```
